---
date: 2026-04-30
timezone: Europe/Amsterdam
---

# 2026-04-30

## Highlights
- Sent reminders and invited additional experts
- Sent confirmation requests to undecided experts
- Created and sent onboarding package with informed consent form 
- Archived material

## Entries
### 11:00 — Action — Expert invitation
**Context:** Several experts declined or had not responded to invitations sent more than 14 days ago
- Several reminders were sent to invited experts, and additional experts were invited.
- New invites that were sent had adjusted reminder protocol: 1 week notice per reminder, and auto-decline after 2 reminders.
- Previous invitees that received their first reminder today were also given the updated reminder protocol.
- Previous invitees that were receiving their second reminder today were also given the updated reminder protocol, but with an auto-decline after 3 reminders

### 14:00 — Action — Confirmation requests
**Context:** Several experts had responded "maybe" to the invitation to participate as experts.
- An email was sent to experts who were uncertain about their participation.

### 15:00 — Action — Expert onboarding
**Context:** Experts who confirmed their participation had to be informed about the procedure.
- An email was sent to the participating experts that informed them of the procedure and the starting date.
- The email also contained the informed consent form with the request to fill it out and return it in two weeks. 


### 15:30 — Action — Archived material
- I uploaded sensitive material to my university's secure drive
- I uploaded a snapshot of the GitHub repo

